look at the basic of the setup from the
face on view and see the posture that I
take at address can dramatically affect
how I can rotate and shift my weight
during the golf swing and looking down
the target line how the posture would
affect how I can maintain the angles
that I set during the swing this is very
important because if you have poor
balance you'll never hit the ball with
the heart of the golf swing which is to
me a great loss of power and you'll end
up just squealing swirling and swinging
at the ball with your hands and arms so
let's look at what I consider a good
setup position the knees flex slightly
depending on your height you bend from
the waist most important of all you must
be relaxed from your shoulders this will
allow you to turn naturally around into
the right side remember the weight
doesn't shift from side to side it
shifts around during the golf swing and
of course as you come back into impact
it shifts to the left side and then
around again too often from this tight
position that people adopt in the
address setup position they then move
the weight incorrectly from side to side
and forget to rotate or the opposite
they remember to rotate but forget to
use the right amount of lateral motion
looking down the target line poor set up
too much tension the clubs lifted up by
the spine swung down by the spine or
swung down and lift it up all these
problems start at the address position
and establish establishing a good setup
will allow you to have good balance in
your golf swing